On auth expire soon event (#545)
SAP/luigi: docs/authorization-configuration.md

- **nonceFn** provides a function that returns a string in order to override the default **nonce**.
- **logoutFn** provides the function to override the **logoutUrl** functionality for a custom logout. It needs to execute the **logoutCallback()** function after logout.
- **userInfoFn** provides a function to get user information. It returns a promise of a **userinfo** object which can contain **name**, **email** and **picture** (value is a URL to the image). **Name** or **email** are displayed in the profile drop-down menu and the user’s profile picture is displayed in the top navigation.

> - **accessTokenExpiringNotificationTime** number of seconds before an access token is to expire to raise the **onAuthExpireSoon** event. Default is 300 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **accessTokenExpiringNotificationTime** number of seconds that pass before an access token expires and the **onAuthExpireSoon** event is fired. The default value is `300` seconds.
```

> - **expirationCheckInterval** number of seconds how often the check happens, when token is going to expire. Default is 5 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **expirationCheckInterval** the number of seconds to pass between each check if the token is about to expire. The default value is `5` seconds.
```
